Add Telemetry collection disclaimer (#15027)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/configure_data_security/_index.md

* Ruby: [Processing Pipeline][9]
* Python: [Trace Filtering][10]

## Telemetry collection
 
Datadog may gather environmental and diagnostic information about your tracing libraries for processing; this may includes information about the host running an application, operating system, programming language and runtime, APM integrations used, and application dependencies. Additionally, Datadog may collect information such as diagnostic logs, crash dumps with obfuscated stack traces, and various system performance metrics.
 

> To opt-out from this telemetry collection, set `DD_INSTRUMENTATION_TELEMETRY_ENABLED` environment variable to `false` in your instrumented application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable this telemetry collection, set `DD_INSTRUMENTATION_TELEMETRY_ENABLED` environment variable to `false` in your instrumented application.
```
